Tomorrow I will be engaged to Van Dasen of the Fan Group
Why don't you bless me?
I'm your daughter
I don't want you to be like me
There is no comparison.
My dad used to gamble without money
Lose and go bankrupt
Come back to find my daughter's money after finishing
If you don't give him money, he will beat you up
And then he beat me up.
I really hated him.
So let's get down to business and find someone
Get down to earth
You have been down-to-earth for most of your life
What did you get?
If he hadn't been in a car accident
You think your day
Can you live so well now?
Don't worry so much
Have that spare time
Why don't you come over now and choose a suit for me?
Don't embarrass me tomorrow